yo guys what's up Steve out here answer
very rating with 16 healers and one
Archer Queen so we're gonna see what
happens when we put them to the test
and set out that Archer Queen with 16
humans we got 15 in our army camps one
in our clan castle it's gonna be a
really interesting raid so let's go
ahead and get started I'm gonna press
the attack button right here and
hopefully we can get a low-level Town
Hall and it looks like we found we got
Town online we got a low-level upgraded
defenses but we got a lot of loot so we
got 214,000 going to 21 2008 sir we're
just set in our arch between right here
with a spawn of healers so they're gonna
heal her up she's taking damage some of
the healers are gonna take damage but I
don't think they're gonna take much to
the archer Queen is gonna take out the
distance those defenses Hood's do is
keep people up at Archer Queen so it
looks like most of loot is in the
collectors and
you can tell when there's loot any
collectors and mines when there's a
little animation on them you can see
like the baskets are full but we're not
talking about that right now we're just
gonna see how how good our Archer Queen
is and we're gonna put it to the test so
while we're waiting right here I just
want to say a few things I want to thank
you guys for 13,000 subscribers that is
immense that is crazy I'm not gonna give
a speech right now but just letting you
guys know never thought I'd hit this
number and it's just been a great ride
also wanted to mention that I really
need a profile pictures to flash
background so you guys know how to do
those things go ahead and leave your
stuff in the description or in the con
section below I'll be sure to hit you up
on skype so yeah getting on with the
raid my Archer Queen is going ham across
this base the low-level upgraded defense
they're no match for my Archer Queen
healers are takin absolutely no damage
and you can see like they're healing the
line of healing or whatever it's called
the blobs that the shooting at the
archer Queen is just going in one pack
which is pretty cool and I'm gonna set a
rage spell right here hoping that it
would have went to the collector but
unfortunately it did not so she's gonna
go towards the town hall which is still
good we're gonna get this one star at
least hopefully we can get the two star
putting another rage down go storage
down and now there's a little bit of
pause and she finally goes for the Town
Hall so we're gonna get this town off
for sure don't know if we're gonna get
the two star here she's just gone really
slow and it's really hard when you have
one troop down on this map with 16
healers so it's a little bit tedious the
archer Queen is just shooting at this
one wall going a bit slow oh and one
more thing I wanted to mention go ahead
and follow me on Twitter T about white
teeth
I haven't really announced that in my
videos but some of you guys have already
started following me and that's great so
go ahead and fall them in there updates
will be on my Twitter as well and if you
don't see a video
yeah so the Ray is gonna end really soon
your 15 seconds left
dark elixir is going down
their defenses are doing much and it
looks like we got like 12 healers left
so this is a pretty good read not had
the most resources but still a pretty
good raid for an archer Queen and 16
healer raid so 143 thousand gold 43,000
like sir that's gonna wrap up the video
go ahead rate comment subscribe follow
me at twitter TiVo ite check the
description for free gems free unlimited
gems and I'll see you guys in the next
video peace
well tell me how you sail
I'm too good for my own good I won't
leave the album i lettuce pill number
one bitch I bet it well do the numbers I
said it will I play the game and I'm
still the same and I never change